---
layout: post
title: sinatra
---

======
**the project**
======

**requirements** >> build an MVC application using Sinatra that: 1. uses ActiveRecord to interact with a database 2. has multiple Models 3. includes user accounts

**what** >> tool tracker, an application that helps companies keep track of their equipment. employees can check out and return tools, view who has a checked out tool, and more.

**where** >> [github](https://github.com/bennorris/tool-tracker)

**why** >> the idea came from a conversation with an accountant at a construction company - she told me that lost and stolen tools are a huge problem for their business, and it would be helpful to have a simple system to track tools (there are already companies doing this, but from her description, they're either expensive, clunky, or a combination of the two). at the moment, there are some major limitations of tool tracker: it would be helpful to eventually allow admins to batch add employees and tools with a spreadsheet. it'd be ideal if employees received a signup link via email--rather than having to signup on their own--once the admin had added them to the company. and there are more than a few design issues (lack of responsive design = a major one). but it's a start.

======
**the takeaway**
======

will add soon.   

======
**lessons learned**
======

will add soon.

======
**simple, but helpful for other first-timers**
======

will add soon.
some helpful tips.

<!-- ``gem build gem_name.gemspec``

and then push it to rubygems with:\\
``gem push gem_name-0.1.0.gem``

if you need to delete after pushing, you can use:\\
``gem yank gem_name -v 0.1.0``\\ -->
